docs: frontend release 2019-03 (#252)
SenseNet/sensenet.github.io: _updates/2019-03-04-march-2019.md

---
title: March 2019
---

## Packages

### [@sensenet/authentication-google@2.0.4](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/releases/tag/%40sensenet%2Fauthentication-google%402.0.4)

- Redundant type definition cleanup [#111](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/pull/111)
  
### [@sensenet/authentication-jwt@1.0.8](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/releases/tag/%40sensenet%2Fauthentication-jwt%401.0.8)

- Redundant type definition cleanup [#111](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/pull/111)

### [@sensenet/client-core@1.4.1](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/releases/tag/%40sensenet%2Fclient-core%401.4.1)

- FormsAuthentication - fixed Logout error throwing on empty responses [#108](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/pull/108)

> - FileUpload control [#82](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/pull/82)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- contentTypeName will be optional for upload requests [#82](https://github.com/SenseNet/sn-client/pull/82)
```
The FileUpload control sits in the control package and client-core not depends it, so I think we should be more specific in this case
